People like you
Even if you go to great lengths to please Wushuang Supreme
I won't even look at you
The Supreme is envious of evil
Taking the initiative like you will only be courting death
You
As expected of a poor ghost like Lu Wushuang
They came together.
The mouth is so hard
Still don't know
What do you poor people know?
Feng Shao knows
Wushuang Supreme needs thousand years of ginseng
Ready to take a picture and send it to him
Have you ever seen millennial ginseng in your life?
Millennium ginseng
Humph
They can't even afford regular ginseng in their entire lives
I don't know
Even if you indulge in life, it's in vain
Sure.
Fat and thin, what do you want?
An auction at this level
How did this poor thing get in?